
<h1>Description</h1>  
<p>  
I have put here more detailed information about scripts I wrote to solve many problems that are in ProjectEuler.net. I created these small programs with Python as experiments to solve the mathematical problems presented in the described site in the most efficient and fast way that I could do.<br/>
If you think you can improve the code, I'll be very grateful if you could help improve the code and make it more efficient, or simplify the code.<br/>
If you would like to make any comments, please feel free to send an email to:
matheussanchesleme@gmail.com.
</p>
<h2>Problems</h2>  

<ul>
  
<li>
<p>  
Problem 1:<br/>
If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.
Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.<br/>
<a href="https://github.com/Monoclinico/Project-Euler-Solutions/blob/master/euler_1.py">See more...</a>
</p>
</li>
  
<li>
<p>
Problem 2:<br/>
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:<br/>

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
<br/>
By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.<br/>
<a href="https://github.com/Monoclinico/Project-Euler-Solutions/blob/master/euler_2.py">See more...</a>
</p>
</li>  
<li>
<p>
Problem 3:<br/>
The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.<br/>
What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143 ?<br/>
<a href="https://github.com/Monoclinico/Project-Euler-Solutions/blob/master/euler_3.py">See more...</a>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
Problem 4:<br/>
A palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99.<br/>
Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.<br/><a href="https://github.com/Monoclinico/Project-Euler-Solutions/blob/master/euler_4.py">See more...</a></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
Problem 5:<br/>
2520 is the smallest number that can be divided by each of the numbers from 1 to 10 without any remainder.<br/>
What is the smallest positive number that is evenly divisible by all of the numbers from 1 to 20?<br/>
<a href="https://github.com/Monoclinico/Project-Euler-Solutions/blob/master/euler_5.py">See more...</a>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
Problem 6: <br/>
The sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers is,<br/>
1<sup>2</sup> + 2<sup>2</sup> + ... + 10<sup>2</sup> = 385<br/>
The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is,<br/>
(1 + 2 + ... + 10)<sup>2</sup> = 55<sup>2</sup> = 3025<br/>
Hence the difference between the sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers and the square of the sum is 3025 − 385 = 2640.<br/>
Find the difference between the sum of the squares of the first one hundred natural numbers and the square of the sum.<br/>
<a href="https://github.com/Monoclinico/Project-Euler-Solutions/blob/master/euler_6.py">See more...</a>
</p>
</li>
</ul>
